Docs: Person profiles updates (#8271)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/data/persons.mdx

    className="rounded shadow-xl"
/>

People in PostHog represent users who do events. Every event has a `distinct_id` representing a person attached to it. Depending on your person profile processing configuration, these persons may also have profiles in PostHog you can view by clicking on the [People tab](https://us.posthog.com/persons). 

Person profiles and user properties enable:

- Filtering on user properties
- Merging identities across `distinct_id` values (i.e. merging an anonymous user with a logged in user)
- Cohort creation
- Feature flag targeting on user properties
- Tracking initial UTM values and referrers across anonymous and identified users

Beyond this, there are many use cases that don't require person profiles. Because events that don't process person profiles are cheaper for us to ingest, the pricing for these events is lower. Some examples:

- Tracking a marketing website
- B2C apps where users don't sign up or log in
- High volume API server events

For backward compatibility and to make sure we don't drop person information accidentally, processing events with persons is the default for configs without any option set. 

## Capturing person profiles

> By default, PostHog captures events with person profiles. To change this in the JavaScript Web configuration, change the `process_person` config option with one of the three options:

Reviewer: The `process_person` config option has been renamed to `person_profiles`, and the `$process_person` property has been renamed to `$process_person_profile`

    className="rounded shadow-xl"
/>

> People in PostHog represent users who do events. Every event has a `distinct_id` representing a person attached to it. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
People in PostHog represent users who do events.

Every event has a `distinct_id` representing a person attached to it. However, not every `distinct_id` has an associated person profile.
```

> Capturing person profiles and user properties enable:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Capturing person profiles and user properties enables:
```

    className="rounded shadow-xl"
/>

People in PostHog represent users who do events.

Every event has a `distinct_id` representing a person attached to it. However, not every `distinct_id` has an associated person profile.

Capturing person profiles and user properties enables:

- Viewing person profiles in the [People tab](https://us.posthog.com/persons)
- Filtering on user properties
- Merging identities across `distinct_id` values (i.e. merging an anonymous user with a logged in user)
- Cohort creation
- Feature flag, experimentation, and survey targeting on user properties
- Tracking initial UTM values and referrers across anonymous and identified users

> On the other hand, there are many use cases that don't require person profiles. Some examples:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
On the other hand, there are many use cases that don't require person profiles, such as:
```
